From:	Jennifer Marsman
Sent:	Wednesday, July 15, 2009 1:04 AM
To:	Jennifer Marsman
Subject:	Accept email for GiveCamp

Congratulations!  Your project has been accepted for the Michigan Give Camp on July 17-19.  Microsoft 
will also be providing you with a “goodie bag” of software and technical books at the event, to aid you 
in maintaining your code after the Give Camp ends.  

Your attendance is mandatory on Friday from 6-9pm and on Sunday from 3-5pm, but I believe that in 
your proposal, you were planning on being present throughout the weekend as needed.  

The event will be structured as follows:
*         Friday 7/17 from 5-6pm – Registration at the BE Building: Participants should plan to arrive 
between 5 - 5:45pm, and should park in lot #4, just to the north of the Business Education (BE) 
Building.  Registration is at the information desk just inside the northwest building entrance.  
Please sign in and then there is a short walk to the opening ceremony in the next building 
(there will be signs directing you where to go).
*         Friday 7/17 from 6-7pm – Opening Ceremony: The event kick-off will be held at the 
Washtenaw Community College LA 275.  We'll briefly go over event logistics and the non-profit 
organizations will be introduced.  At this time, you will be invited to speak briefly (<5 min) 
about your organization: its mission and its technology needs.  This will motivate the 
developers and drive awareness of your organization.  The developers assigned to work on 
your project will be announced here too, and at the conclusion of the event introduction, you 
should plan on spending some time with your development team, clarifying your needs.  
Attendance at this kick-off is mandatory; ideally it would be nice to have both a director of the 
non-profit organization and the IT person who will be maintaining your code here, but one 
person is sufficient.   
*         Friday 7/17 from 7-9pm – Project Design: Development teams meet with charity 
representatives. This is a chance to understand the project and scope in depth, and for the 
charities and teams to get to know one another.  Pizza, salad, and drinks will be served during 
this time (thanks, Domino's!).  Attendance is mandatory.  
*         Friday evening – Sunday afternoon: Throughout the weekend, developers work on the 
projects in a number of classrooms in the BE building at Washtenaw Community College.  
During this time, you are strongly encouraged to hang around to provide feedback to the 
developers if you wish (or check in periodically), but your attendance is optional.  
*         Sunday 7/19 from 3-4pm – Code Handoff: Development teams meet with charity 
representatives to hand off their projects to the charities (although hopefully you’ve been in 
touch throughout the weekend).  Ask questions and make sure that you are comfortable 
maintaining it!  Attendance is mandatory; it would be best if the person who will be 
responsible for the code after the Give Camp comes to this portion of the event.  
*         Sunday 7/19 from 4-5pm – Closing Ceremony: The event wrap-up will also be held at the 
Washtenaw Community College LA 275.  At the kick-off meeting, the spotlight was on the non-
profit organizations.  At the wrap-up, the spotlight is now on the developers, who will 
demonstrate the website or software that they have created for you.  The event will end at 
5pm at the latest.  Attendance at the wrap-up meeting is also mandatory.  

There is a map of the Washtenaw Community College campus at 
http://www.wccnet.edu/aboutwcc/collegeinfo/directionsandmaps/campusmap.php.  

Please confirm your participation and let me know the names of the attendees from your 
organization.  I need to know this to give your names to the security guards at Washtenaw Community 
College, and for accurate counts when ordering food.  

Thanks!

The Michigan Give Camp in Ann Arbor Planning Committee 
http://michigangivecamp.org/cms/annarbor 
